Before you start, we need you to read the consent form and agree to the procedure.

1.	I am aware that the collection, processing and use of my data is voluntary. The survey can be canceled by me at any time without mentioning reasons and without causing me any disadvantages. In the event of cancellation, all data recorded of me will be irrevocably deleted.

2.	I have been informed that my following data are processed:
a.	Demography (as provided by Prolific)
b.	Usage statistics of the PhishingDetector plugin
c.	Your answers to the questions in the questionnaires

3.	I am aware that my data is processed anonymously. Neither my name nor my mail address (other than the Prolific mail address in the form of prolificID@prolific.co) are associated with the collected data.

4.	I agree that my data will be collected, processed, used and stored by Ludwig-Maximilians- Universität (LMU) Munich and the Universität der Bundeswehr München for the following purposes:
a.	I agree that the results and primary data of this study may be published by the LMU Munich and the Unibw Munich as a scientific publication. The data is published completely anonymously, i.e. the collected data cannot be related to respective participants. The fully anonymized data from this study will be made available as "open data" in a secure, Internet-based repository called the Open Science Framework (https://osf.io/). Thus, this study follows the recommendations of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (German Research Foundation) for quality assurance in terms of verifiability and reproducibility of scientific results, as well as optimal data reuse.
b.	The anonymized data is stored for an indefinite period of time.

5.	I have been informed that my personal data collected in the context of the above purposes will be processed in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR and BayDSG).

6.	Furthermore, I have been informed that I can amend the given consent without stating any reasons with effect for the future or revoke it completely. I can send my declaration of cancellation by stating the study title "Stress Study" and my study code by e-mail (florian.hartl@campus.lmu.de) or post to
Florian Hartl
c/o Dr. Pascal Knierim
Forschungsinstitut Cyber Defence (CODE)
Universität der Bundeswehr München
Carl-Wery-Straße 22
81739 München
Germany
In addition, after taking part in the study, I have the opportunity to obtain the deletion of my data by stating my study code (either the ProlificID or the random number stated by the plugin), as long as the data can still be assigned to this code. The legality of the data processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation is not affected by this.

7.	In accordance with the applicable legal regulations, you have the right to be
a.	to be informed about what personal data we have about you
b.	to have the personal data supplemented or corrected
c.	to have this personal data deleted.
